<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 001 </num> 

<title> paying for music </title> 

<desc> When do people actually pay for music? </desc> 

<narr> Today, quite a lot of music is free. There are several services
like bit torrent, pandora, mu-torrent that permit free download of
music. Relevant conversations should reflect people's opinions about
paying for music. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 002 </num> 

<title> new Xbox release </title> 

<desc> How is the new Xbox different from the older versions? </desc> 

<narr> Xbox is a video gaming brand owned by Microsoft. It represents
a series of video game consoles. Xbox One has been released recently
succeeding its former versions - Xbox and Xbox 360. Relevant
conversations should contain discussions of Xbox One, including
discussions of what new features it has compared to older
models. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 003 </num> 

<title> Bruins </title> 

<desc> Do people like the Boston Bruins?  </desc> 

<narr> To be relevant, conversations should be about Boston Bruins, a
sports team. The discussion could be how the team performs, their
standing, recent matches played by the team, scores and other such
things.  </narr> 

</top>
 
<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 004 </num> 

<title> living with parents </title> 

<desc> What are the pros and cons of living with parents? </desc> 

<narr> People need to choose whether they should continue living with
their parents after a certain age or when they have sufficient
earnings to become financially independent. Relevant conversations
should include discussions of what it is like to live with parents
compared to living away from home.  </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 005 </num> 

<title> fun on weekends </title> 

<desc> What do people do for fun on weekends? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should describe real experiences of
people spending their weekends doing exciting activities, or
discussing their weekend plans for having fun. They should contain an
element of recreation in them, that is more than just doing away with
routine chores. Weekends could also include long weekends with a
holiday following or preceding the usual weekend days (Saturday and
Sunday in the USA). </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 006 </num> 

<title> Fox News conservative </title> 

<desc> What do people think of the conservative bias often attributed
to Fox News? </desc> 

<narr> Conversations about whether Fox News is biased towards a
conservative point of view are relevant.  </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 007 </num> 

<title> fix noisy earphones </title> 

<desc>  How can you fix noisy earphones?  </desc> 

<narr> Conversations that include useful information about or
tips for fixing noisy earphones would be relevant. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 008 </num> 

<title> disc golf </title> 

<desc> Where and how do people play disc golf? </desc> 

<narr> Disc golf has gained popularity recently. It is played with a
frisbee, but with rules similar to those of golf.  Relevant
conversations should contain information about how the game is played,
indications of places where the game is played, or information about
groups who play it. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 009 </num> 

<title> dealing with stress </title> 

<desc> What are some helpful things that people do when they are
stressed?  </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should include information about dealing
with stress that is based on real situations in which people have gone
through some stressful experience due to work, courses, family
pressures, health, financial difficulties or similar
situations. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 010 </num> 

<title> surprise birthday party </title> 

<desc> How do people plan surprise parties for their friends or
family? </desc> 

<narr> To be relevant, conversations should contain instances of
people conversing about planning a surprise birthday
party. Descriptions of actual surprise parties are relevant only if
there is mention of the planning. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='behavior'>

<num> 011 </num> 

<title> birthday ideas </title> 

<desc> How do people spend their birthday? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should contain indications of what a
person did on his or her birthday. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='behavior'>

<num> 012 </num> 

<title> disobeying rules </title> 

<desc> When and why do people break rules? </desc> 

<narr>  There are lots of instances in which people break rules of one
kind or another. For example, lots of people jaywalk even though it is
illegal to do so. Relevant conversations should describe situations in
which people broke a legal rule. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 013 </num> 

<title> motivation for working out </title> 

<desc> What motivates people to work out? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should describe reasons why people were
motivated to exercise. This workout could be going to a gym, playing a
sport, going out for a jog, or any similar activity. Relevant
conversations may address the benefits of exercise generally, or they
may indicate beneficial results from specific workout sessions.
</narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 014 </num> 

<title> Nordstrom closings </title> 

<desc> What are people's reactions to the closing of Nordstrom's
stores?  </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations will include people discussing the
recent closure of one or more Nordstrom stores. This may include
factual information, speculation as to the reasons for the closure, or
remarks on effects of the closure.  </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 015 </num> 

<title> taking time off </title> 

<desc> In what situations do people take time off from work? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should include discussions about taking
off from work. This may include planned holidays, sick days, so-called
"personal days", or emergencies that require arriving late or
departing early from work. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='knowledge'>

<num> 016 </num> 

<title> Philly bars </title> 

<desc> What are some good bars in Philadelphia? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should mention one or more positive
aspects of at least one identifiable commercial establishment in
Philadelphia or its suburbs in which drinking alcohol is a primary
activity in a positive way. Establishments such as restaurants or
sports stadiums in which drinking is a secondary activity are not
themselves bars, but they may contain one or more bars. Alcohol must
be served (Starbucks is not a bar), although it is not necessary that
the participants in the conversation actually consumed alcohol. It is
sufficient that the conversation mentions at least one positive aspect
of an establishment; the overall tone of the discussion need not be
positive toward the establishment for a conversation to be
relevant. The Philadelphia suburbs include towns in both Pennsylvania
and New Jersey from which people routinely commute to work in
Philadelphia, but they do not include any places in Delaware. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='experience'>

<num> 017 </num> 

<title> quit smoking </title> 

<desc> How do people go about quitting smoking?  </desc> 

<narr> What have people done to quit smoking? How do they feel after
quitting? Conversations about such things are relevant.  </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='opinion'>

<num> 018 </num> 

<title> wildlife extinction </title> 

<desc> How concerned are people about extinction of wildlife species?
 </desc> 

<narr> Instances in which people have expressed concerns over wildlife
extinction. To be relevant, there should be some discussion in which
people talk about extinction of certain rare species, the effect on
ecological balance, the need to prevent this, steps that could be
taken to avoid extinction of animals, or similar topics.  </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='behavior'>

<num> 019 </num> 

<title> password sharing </title> 

<desc> In what situations do people share passwords? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should contain instances in which people
share passwords such as for wifi, netflix, any proprietary software or
any other such service.  </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='behavior'> 

<num> 020 </num>  

<title> plagiarism at school </title> 

<desc> In what situations do people deliberately commit academic
plagiarism?  </desc>  

<narr>  Copying homework, using online resources without proper
citation and such things constitute academic plagiarism. Find
instances in which people express an intention to commit plagiarism or
admit they have committed plagiarism.  </narr>  

</top>

<top lang='en' type='behavior'>

<num> 021 </num> 

<title> recycling wastes </title> 

<desc> Do people want to recycle?  </desc> 

<narr> In US, recycling bins are found in many places. But do people
actually care enough to recycle the stuff that can be recycled?
Relevant conversations contain instances and discussions about
recycling waste and its importance. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang='en' type='knowledge'>

<num> 016 </num> 

<title> Philly bars </title> 

<desc> What are some good bars that serve alcohol in Philadelphia? </desc> 

<narr> Relevant conversations should mention one or more positive
aspects of at least one identifiable commercial establishment in
Philadelphia or its suburbs in which drinking alcohol is a primary
activity in a positive way. Establishments such as restaurants or
sports stadiums in which drinking is a secondary activity are not
themselves bars, but they may contain one or more bars. Alcohol must
be served (Starbucks is not a bar), although it is not necessary that
the participants in the conversation actually consumed alcohol. It is
sufficient that the conversation mentions at least one positive aspect
of an establishment; the overall tone of the discussion need not be
positive toward the establishment for a conversation to be
relevant. The Philadelphia suburbs include towns in both Pennsylvania
and New Jersey from which people routinely commute to work in
Philadelphia, but they do not include any places in Delaware. </narr> 

</top>

<top lang="en" type="opinion">

<num> 023 </num>

<title> cherry blossoms DC </title>

<desc> How do people like the National Cherry Blossom festival in
Washington, DC? </desc>

<narr> The National Cherry Blossom festival is held in March or April
every year at Washington, DC. To be relevant, a conversation would
contain discussions of the Cherry Blossom festival in Washington,
DC. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 024 </num>

<title> pet care </title>

<desc> How do people care for their pets? </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations would have information about caring for
pet animals. They might deal with cleaning, diet, exercise, veterinary
care, or similar things </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 026 </num>

<title> buying clothes online </title>

<desc> What are people's experiences buying clothes online? </desc>

<narr> Buying many things online is becoming increasingly common, but
some people are reluctant to buy clothes online. What experience have
people had with buying clothes online?  Conversations that describe
actual experiences would be relevant, even if they are the experiences
of other people. Conversations in which people only express opinions
without describing any real experiences would not be relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="behavior">

<num> 032 </num>

<title> vegan diet balance </title>

<desc> How do vegans balance their diet? </desc>

<narr> What food items do vegans include in their diet in order to
make it balanced and healthy? Do they take additional supplements
(such as vitamin pills)? </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="opinion">

<num> 034 </num>

<title> farmers markets </title>

<desc> What do people think about farmers' markets? </desc>

<narr> Farmers' markets feature a retail market where food items are
sold directly by farmers to consumers. To be relevant, conversations
would contain people expressing their opinions on farmers'
markets. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 036 </num>

<title> selling on eBay </title>

<desc> What experience do people have with selling on eBay? </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations would contain instances in which people
discuss different details selling things on eBay. This might, for
example, include what was made available for sale, how those things
were marketed, or opinions grounded in experience about whether
selling on eBay is generally successful and profitable. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="opinion">

<num> 037 </num>

<title> U.S. gas prices </title>

<desc> How do people explain changes in U.S. automobile gasoline
prices? </desc>

<narr> Conversations that suggest reasons why U.S. gasoline prices
fluctuate would be relevant, regardless of whether those suggested
reasons have a factual basis.  Conversations about gas prices in other
countries would not be relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num>039</num>

<title> college tuition planning </title>

<desc> How do students plan to pay their college tuition? </desc>

<narr> Tuition is the money that is paid to an educational institution
for enrollment and registration in courses. It is typically paid at
the beginning of each semester. Conversations that describe financial
planning by parents or students for paying college tuition fees would
be relevant. These discussions might address saving money by earning
income and managing of current spending, the use of tax advantaged
college savings plans, obtaining help from family members, or similar
things.  </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 041 </num>

<title> airport security <title>

<desc> What is it like to go through airport security in the United
States? </desc>

<narr> A relevant conversation would contain discussions of actual
experiences with airport security. Discussion topics might include how
long it took to pass through the security in a specific airport, what
procedures were involved, what alternatives were available, or what
problems were encountered. The experience need not be from the person
who is reporting it; second-hand reports of actual experiences would
also be relevant. Comparisons to airport security in other countries
would be relevant only if specific information is provided about
airport security in the USA as a part of the conversation. Information
from the public sources that does not involve reports of actual
experiences would not be relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="opinion">

<num> 042 </num>

<title> public schools </title>

<desc> What do people think about the quality of public schools for
elementary, middle and secondary school education in the United
States? </desc>

<narr> To be relevant, conversations should contain opinions about the
quality of education in the public school system in USA from
kindergarten though the twelfth grade. To be relevant, the
conversation must include at least one instance of a mention or
implication regarding education quality. Conversations that solely
address schedules, procedures, safety, or other issues not clearly
related to education quality or that solely address child care,
pre-school programs, colleges, or universities would not be
relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 043 </num>

<title> public transport </title>

<desc> When do people prefer to use public transportation? </desc>

<narr> Public surface transportation services such as buses, subways,
and trains in the United States ranges from good in some places to
nonexistent in others. Many residents of United States own a car and
rarely use public transportation; others rely almost exclusively on
public transportation. Conversations in which people's preferences
regarding the use of public surface transportation are mentioned, or
in which those preferences can be inferred from reports of their
actual use of public transportation, would be relevant. Public
transportation is intended to mean scheduled overland transportation
services that are available to all members of the public, whether
operated by private companies or by government. Neither on-demand road
transportation services such as taxis or Uber nor common-carrier water
or air transportation such as ferries or airlines are considered
public transportation for this purpose. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="behavior">

<num> 045 </num>

<title> heroic acts </title>

<desc> Find accounts of selfless heroic acts by individuals or groups
for the benefit of others or for a cause. </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations will contain a description of specific
real life acts in which individuals or groups of people displayed
courage or exceptional selflessness for a greater cause. General
statements concerning heroic acts would not be relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 047 </num>

<title> parenting regrets </title>

<desc> What are some instances in which parents later regret their
behavior or actions towards their pre-teen children? </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations would mention real experiences in which
one or more participants express regret regarding something that they
now regard as mistaken behavior when raising their children. These
regrets might be over specific acts or over general patterns of
behavior. To be relevant, the children must have been 12 years of age
or younger at the time of the regretted actions. Regrets by the
children regarding their parents' actions and actions described by
others as mistakes would not be relevant unless described and agreed
with by the parent involved. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="knowledge">

<num> 050 </num>

<title> comic books </title>

<desc> What are some comic books that people talk about?  </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations will include people mentioning one or
more specific comic books. To be relevant, the identity of at least
one comic book must be discernible, but the name need not be
explicitly stated. In the case of a series, it is not necessary that a
specific issue in that series be identified. It does not matter
whether the comic book has actually been read, but generic references
to popular comic book characters such as Superman without specific
reference to their appearance in a comic book would not be
relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="behavior">

<num> 051 </num>

<title> texting and driving </title>

<desc> Find real instances in which people texted while they were
driving. </desc>

<narr> Conversations that contain evidence of people texting or having
texted while they were driving would be relevant. This could include
mentions of previously having texted while driving, or it could
include messages that were clearly sent while driving. For this
purpose, driving is defined as being the operator of a motor vehicle
(car, truck, bus, motorcycle, airplane; but not bicycle) with the
motor operating. Reports of texting while stopped at a traffic light
would be relevant, even if the motor is temporarily stopped while at
the light for fuel conversation purposes. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="opinion">

<num> 054 </num>

<title> Walmart low prices </title>

<desc> What do people believe are the reasons for the low prices
offered by Walmart stores? </desc>

<narr> Walmart is one of the largest retailer chains in the
world. Relevant conversations will include indications of about what
people believe about how it is that Walmart manages to offer its goods
at low prices. Reports of actual prices, without any indication of how
those prices were kept low, would not be relevant. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="behavior">

<num> 055 </num>

<title> hobbies </title>

<desc> What are some examples of people's hobbies? </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations would include some mention of some hobby
engaged in by some person. The person with the mentioned hobby need
not be a participant in the conversation. To be a hobby, the activity
must be unpaid and unreimbursed and engaged in with enjoyment as a
substantial objective. For example, exercise might be a hobby if
enjoyment is indicated in some way, but it would not be a hobby if
engaged in solely for health reasons. Note that the same activity that
is a hobby for one person (e.g., building homes as a charitable
activity) might be paid employment for another. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 056 </num>

<title> Amtrak train service </title>

<desc> What do people think about Amtrak train service? </desc>

<narr> Amtrak is the principal operator of long-distance passenger
trains in the United States. Relevant conversations would include
mention of actual experiences with the Amtrak train service, opinions
about the utility of the service to specific people based on its route
structure and schedules and similar details. All types of experiences
with the Amtrak would be relevant, including such aspects of Amtrak
operators as call centers, ticket offices, on board service,
announcements on board and in stations, cleanliness, and service
disruptions. </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 057 </num>

<title> US unemployment </title>

<desc> What are the actual experiences of people who are unemployed in
the United States? </desc>

<narr> Relevant conversations will contain accounts of experiences
related to unemployment by at least one person who was a resident of
the United States at the time. Experiences may be specific or general,
and they may involve physical activities or feelings. To be relevant,
the experience must be clearly related to unemployment in some way;
mere mention of some activity of daily living (e.g., sleep) by a
person who is unemployed would not be relevant unless something about
that experience was clearly affected by unemployment status. All
people who are receiving unemployment compensation are considered to
be unemployed for the purpose of this question. In addition, people
who are not currently employed but who wish to be employed are
considered to be unemployed. Retired people are not
considered to be unemployed unless they are now actively seeking
reemployment.  </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="behavior">

<num> 061 </num>

<title> junk food </title>

<desc> Which food items are thought of as junk food?  </desc>

<narr> Food that is unhealthy, highly processed or containing high
levels of calories might be described as junk food. Relevant
conversations would identify one or more types of food as "junk food,"
either using that term or some other equally clear indication (e.g.,
by mention of "empty calories"). The food might be described
generically (e.g., candy) or specifically (e.g., Snickers). </narr>

</top>

<top lang="en" type="experience">

<num> 062 </num>

<title> online TV </title>

<desc> When do people prefer watching programs on their computer
rather than on their TV? </desc>

<narr> With the advent of streaming video services such as Netflix,
some people are "cutting the cord" and moving to Internet-only
connectivity for all of their media services, including
television. Others sometimes watch television and sometimes watch
programs on streaming video. Relevant conversations would reflect
people's preferences for when or where they would choose one means of
video delivery over another, or other information about how they would
make that choice. Both actual experiences and expectations would be
relevant, and both first-hand reports of personal experiences or
expectations and second-hand reports of personal experiences or
expectations of others would be relevant. </narr>

</top>

